add Devstral demo as code assistant (#3911)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/code_local_assistant/README.md

```
> **Note:** This model requires ~13GB disk space and same amount of VRAM on the GPU for deployment. For conversion, the original model will be pulled and quantization will require the amount of RAM of the model size.

:::
:::{tab-item} unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507
:sync: unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507
```bash
python export_model.py text_generation --source_model unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507 --weight-format int4 --config_file_path models/config_all.json --model_repository_path models --tool_parser devstral --target_device GPU --overwrite_models
curl -L -o models/unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507/chat_template.jinja https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/refs/heads/main/extras/chat_template_examples/chat_template_devstral.jinja

docker run -d --rm --user $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd)/models:/models/:rw \
    openvino/model_server:weekly \
    --add_to_config \
    --config_path /models/config_all.json \
    --model_name unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507 \
    --model_path unsloth/Devstral-Small-2507
```

> > **Note:** This model requires ~13GB disk space and recommended 16GB+ of VRAM on the GPU for deployment. For conversion, the original model will be pulled and quantization will require the amount of RAM of the model size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This model requires ~13GB disk space and recommended 16GB+ of VRAM on the GPU for deployment. For conversion, the original model will be pulled and quantization will be applied. It requires the amount of RAM equal to the model size <how much?>
```
please fill "how much"
